Add A11 storage issue to faq (#622)
tachiyomiorg/website: src/help/guides/troubleshooting.md

You will need to enable "USB Debugging/Android Debugging" on your phone next:

* If you use a custom ROM and/or aren't able to enable Developer options try googling how to enable Developer options on your specific device

1. Open **Settings**
2. (Only on Android 8.X) Scroll down/Select to **System**
3. Select **About phone**
4. Quickly tap **Build number** 7 times
5. You will see a message appear that says "**You are now a developer**"
6. Now go back and you’ll see **Developer options** listed
7. Scroll until you find **USB debugging/Android debugging**
8. Toggle the switch to enable it

With platform-tools downloaded and USB debugging enabled, you can now follow the next steps:

1. Connect your Android device to the computer with an USB cable
2. Make sure to allow "USB debugging/Android debugging" when a pop-up appears
3. Open the **platform-tools** folder on your computer
4. Shift+Right click and select **Open command prompt here** or **Open PowerShell window here**
5. Type `adb devices` and hit Enter
6. You should see an entry with your device(s)
7. Now you can enter the following ADB command!

**ADB command**

> `adb shell cmd appops set eu.kanade.tachiyomi android:legacy_storage allow`

Reviewer: Same here
```suggestion
`.\adb shell cmd appops set eu.kanade.tachiyomi android:legacy_storage allow`
```

:::
::: el-collapse-item title="Storage issues with Android 11"
After the introduction of [Scoped Storage](https://www.xda-developers.com/android-q-storage-access-framework-scoped-storage/) in **Android 11**, your library could load slowly and/or the app is unable to delete chapters automatically.

One way to fix this is by executing an [ADB](https://www.xda-developers.com/quickly-install-adb/) command on a computer to opt-out the app from the new storage changes.

**How to run ADB**

ADB is a small tool bundled in the Android SDK as part of the “Platform Tools”.

1. [Download the SDK Platform Tools](https://developer.android.com/studio/releases/platform-tools.html) for Windows, Mac, or Linux
2. Extract the ZIP file somewhere easily accessible (like `C:\platform-tools`)

You will need to enable "USB Debugging/Android Debugging" on your phone next:

> 1. Open **Settings**
> 2. Either search for "Build number" via the search bar or follow the directions:
>   * **Android 9** and higher: **Settings > About Phone > Build Number**
>   * **Android 8.x**: **Settings > System > About Phone > Build Number**
>   * **Android 7.1** and lower: **Settings > About Phone > Build Number**
> 
> 3. Quickly tap **Build number** 7 times
> 4. You will see a message appear that says "You are now a developer"
> 5. Now go back and you’ll see **Developer options** listed
> 6. Go back to **Settings**
> 7. Open **System > Developer options** or just **Developer options**
> 8. Scroll until you find **USB debugging/Android Debugging**
> 9. Toggle the switch to enable it

Reviewer: How about this 
```suggestion
If you use a custom ROM or don't find the **Build number** try googling how to enable Developer Mode on your specific device

1. Open **Settings**
2. (Only on Android 8.X) Scroll down/Select to **System**
3. Select **About phone**
4. Quickly tap **Build number** 7 times
5. You will see a message appear that says "You are now a developer"
6. Now go back and you’ll see **Developer options** listed
7. Go back to **Settings**
8. Open **System > Developer options** or just **Developer options**
9. Scroll until you find **USB debugging/Android Debugging**
10. Toggle the switch to enable it
```
